DENNs (Deterministically Evolved Neural Networks) are a type of neural network that deterministically fixes W1 to be that of the wiring 
schematic of a DAN (see other file). Since DANs essentially capture the distribution of the data, It seemed reasonable to try to set 
W1 to be the distribution of the data itself. With this assumption, a few things come to light regarding this architecture:


1. Training is much faster, as only one epoch is needed to solve for the weights of the network. This is because, upon setting W1 to be
fixed, you can construst a system of equations for the outputs, where the coefficients in the system of equations would represent the 
weights of the network. This is not solvable with traditional neural networks, as you would have two (or more, depending on how many layers) unknown variables per entry in the system of equations, given by: w2 * ( σ(i1 * w1) + b1) + b2. However, by setting W1, each w1 is already known, so the system of equations becomes a linear one, and thus can be easily solved for. This will ensure that the network will output the outputs you want, while still maintaining the architecture of traditional neural networks.

2. If data nearly linearly dependent, the DENN will produce wildly unstable weights (i.e. large in magnitude, whether positive 
or negative) to try to compensate. This is a well-known phenomenon when ANNs are trained on data that is nearly linearly dependent. 
If it is trained on nicer behaving data (or an appropriate activation function is applied), outputs become much more realistic and 
similar to ANNs

3. If data is singular (i.e. is linearly dependent), no exact solution exists, which is expected, since this is the equivalent of having 
two identical data members being expected to output 2 different values

4. Activation functions and biases can be used in the DENNs in the exact same way as in ANNs, which open up all of the techniques 
of machine learning to fit functions to data onto the DENNs.

5. Via the compression algorithm above, one can also use the compressed DAN as the first matrix in place of the uncompressed DAN, and this
will give identical results (even for non-training data). And since the compression algorithm does not depend on the output vectors, you 
can similarly solve for weights for each desired output in the same way

6. If you have a DAN that takes outputs of another DAN as input (for any number of embedded DANs), you can extent this principle by 
deterministically determining the weights of each hidden weight set and solving for the final weight set. This construction would be 
isomorphic to a deep neural network, so this construction could potentially explain what is happening when we make deep learning networks

7. I was reading up on if any other models are similar to this construction, and I landed on Extreme Learning Machines (ELMs). These have 
a similar construction, except instead of deterministically determining the first matrix, they just make it random but fixed. With this 
construction, they can similarly solve a system of equations (one epoch of training) to find the outputs. I looked into some of their work 
(albeit briefly) and saw that they mentioned needing a minimum of r rows in their random construction to be able to train it effectively. 
It is possible that the compression algorithm outlined in the DANCompression.py file could explain why this is the case, as well as provide this "random matrix" to ensure that the ELM can always be trained.

8. Upon training this network on binary data members, with most of the data members being similar to each other and a few being wildly 
different from the others but similar to each other, the resulting weights correlated between the 2 groups, which lends me to believe 
that it is possible for the solved weights to  correlate with the information-entropic relationships between the data members. Further 
testing needs to be shown if this is the case, however if this is indeed the case, it could lead to the conclusion that ANNs are simply 
navigating the distribution of the dataspace with some loss to ensure continuity.


More testing must be done with these networks, however this folder is meant to showcase the construction of these networks as well as give
some examples of the network in action. While I devised this architecture, its mathematical formalism, and am the primary researcher of its 
properties as of now, it was heavily inspired by the works of Dr. Anthony Beavers and his DANs (see other file).


Upon further review in the literature, DENNs seem to be a binary class of Kernal Ridge Regression models
